[Databricks jobs docs] move up cluster policy and nudge to use Volume (#33833)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_observability/jobs_monitoring/databricks.md

      | DRIVER_LOGS_ENABLED      | Collect spark driver logs in Datadog.                                                                                                                          | false   |
      | WORKER_LOGS_ENABLED      | Collect spark workers logs in Datadog.                                                                                                                            | false   |
      | DD_TAGS                  | Add tags to Databricks cluster and Spark performance metrics, using comma- or space-separated key:value pairs. Follow [Datadog tag conventions][4]. Example: `env:staging,team:data_engineering` |         |
      | DD_ENV                   | Set the `env` environment tag on metrics, traces, and logs from this cluster.                                                                                          |         |
      | DD_LOGS_CONFIG_PROCESSING_RULES | Filter the logs collected with processing rules. See [Advanced Log Collection][5] for more details. |         |

> 1. Click **Create** if creating a new policy or **Save** if updating an existing policy. If you updated an existing policy, all clusters using that policy will automatically apply the changes on their next restart. If you created a new policy, follow the steps below to apply it to your clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create** if creating a new policy or **Save** if updating an existing policy. If you update an existing policy, all clusters using that policy automatically apply the changes on their next restart. If you create a new policy, follow the steps below to apply it to your clusters.
```

   The script above downloads and runs the latest init script for Data Jobs Monitoring in Databricks. If you want to pin your script to a specific version, you can replace the filename in the URL (for example, `install-databricks-0.13.5.sh` to use version `0.13.5`). You can find the source code used to generate this script, and the changes between script versions, on the [Datadog Agent repository][3].

> 1. **Add the init script to the allowlist** (required for **Standard** access mode clusters): If your cluster uses **Standard** access mode, you must add the init script path to the Unity Catalog allowlist. Follow the instructions in the [Databricks documentation][27] to add your init script path to the allowlist.

Reviewer: The Databricks documentation link here is also currently broken
